What kind of people are you gonna work with in our navy in our department
of defense? You're gonna work with everybody. Okay, um, President
Johnson integrated the navy. Um, in place, everyone in navy. That's
not a problem. It's your responsibility to work of every man and woman.
That's society. And And you took a oath of office to defend the
Constitution says America. You don't get to choose who you're going
to work for. At both is your oath to work for and with everyone that
is on your unit on your cell. You got that right across the gamut.
This is why it's a always going to be okay. Won't get old leadership
movies. Ones. Why is the captain do it that way up in the Indies?
Reagan lady. Okay, you've got to understand. You know, I don't want
to do that. Is to return to woke in tow, Understand? Okay.